Luke Luke I am an orange whoa it's jabba
the hutt jabba the what now no I think
you're all mixed up no that's you Java
feel like it pulled a muscle in there
hey hey Doughboy what what did you like
the beaters or the beaters with you
would you just shut up yeah I guess
that's the yeast I could do hey hey
Doughboy
hey cannon fruit for brains hey dull boy
what rolling pin hey have you tried
wiggling of course aren't her off it's
no use I'm stuck
oh hey what if we graced you in butter
my own Greyston butter ah
too much information dude oh this is the
worst dream Hey hey what's going on over
what what is it nothing that didn't
sound like nothing
Oh yuck
you should take a shower you look all
crusty look my crusty you mean golden
brown I tell you orange that oven was
the best thing that ever happened to me
I feel firm like I can take on the world
I don't know you look like a loafer to
me you think I'm full of hot air
no this is gonna hurt my face steel
we're home ahh can't move my face whoa
dude I think you're toast oh this is not
good man you really having a crummy day
ha ha ha ha ha ha hot in here is it just
me I don't know let's ask butter talk
about a smear campaign
geez it's not like I'm trying to butter
you up or anything oh hey hey yeah poor
job in the low feel I really liked him I
send him flowers but they're already
here hey hey flowers make it stop
so then I said the only way to stop him
is with flower power kill me now